[Doc] Fix typo in llm-d documentation link (#42397)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/deployment/integrations/llm-d.md

vLLM can be deployed with [llm-d](https://github.com/llm-d/llm-d), a Kubernetes-native distributed inference serving stack providing well-lit paths for anyone to serve large generative AI models at scale. It helps achieve the fastest "time to state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance" for key OSS models across most hardware accelerators and infrastructure providers.

> You can use vLLM with llm-d directly by following [this guides](https://llm-d.ai/docs/guides) or via [KServe's LLMInferenceService](https://kserve.github.io/website/docs/model-serving/generative-inference/llmisvc/llmisvc-overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use vLLM with llm-d directly by following [the official guides](https://llm-d.ai/docs/guides) or via [KServe's LLMInferenceService](https://kserve.github.io/website/docs/model-serving/generative-inference/llmisvc/llmisvc-overview).
```
